doc(backup and restore): add document for Schedule VM Backup/Snapshot (#656)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/backup-restore.md

1. Verify that the configured value is displayed on the **Quotas** tab of the virtual machine details screen.

    ![edit-quota-vm-read.png](/img/v1.4/vm/edit-quota-vm-read.png)

> ## Schedule VM Backup/Snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scheduling Virtual Machine Backups and Snapshots
```

  ![check-schedule-restore.png](/img/v1.4/vm/check-schedule-restore.png)

### Edit a Virtual Machine Schedule

1. Go to the **Virtual Machine Schedules** screen.

1. Locate the target schedule, and then select **⋮ > Edit Config**.

  ![edit-schedule-config.png](/img/v1.4/vm/edit-schedule-config.png)

1. Edit the **Cron Schedule**, **Retain**, or **Max Failure** values.

  ![edit-schedule-parameters.png](/img/v1.4/vm/edit-schedule-parameters.png)

1. Click **Save** to apply the changes.

### Suspend or Resume a Virtual Machine Schedule

You can suspend active schedules and resume suspended schedules.

1. Go to the **Virtual Machine Schedules** screen.

1. Locate the target schedule, and then select **⋮ > Suspend or Resume**.

  ![suspend-resume-schedule.png](/img/v1.4/vm/suspend-resume-schedule.png)

  The schedule is automatically suspended when the number of consecutive failed backup or snapshot creation attempts exceeds the **Max Failure** value.
  
  Harvester does not allow you to resume a suspended schedule for backup creation if the backup target is not reachable.

> ### Virtual Machine Backup/Snapshot and Harvester Upgrade
> 
> Before applying a Harvester upgrade, the user should make sure there is no VM backup/snapshot under processing and all the VM schedule is suspended, otherwise, the upgrade will be rejected by Harvester.
> 
>   - If there are **running VM backups/snapshots** during applying the upgrade, Harvester will reject it with:
> 
>   ![upgrade-vmbackup.png](/img/v1.4/vm/upgrade-vmbackup.png)
> 
>   - If there are **active VM Schedules** during applying the upgrade, Harvester will reject it with:
> 
>   ![upgrade-svmbackup.png](/img/v1.4/vm/upgrade-svmbackup.png)
> 
> To improve the user experience, Harvester has a future plan to [`automatically suspend/resume all schedules before/after the upgrade`](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/6759).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Virtual Machine Operations and Harvester Upgrades

Before you upgrade Harvester, ensure that no virtual machine backups or snapshots are in use, and that all virtual machine schedules are suspended. The Harvester UI displays the following error messages when upgrade attempts are rejected:

- Virtual machine backups or snapshots are being created, deleted, or used during the upgrade attempt

  ![upgrade-vmbackup.png](/img/v1.4/vm/upgrade-vmbackup.png)

- Virtual machine schedules are active during the upgrade attempt

  ![upgrade-svmbackup.png](/img/v1.4/vm/upgrade-svmbackup.png)

To avoid such issues, the Harvester team plans to implement automatic suspension of all virtual machine schedules before the upgrade process is started. The suspended schedules will also be automatically resumed after the upgrade is completed. For more information, see [Issue #6759](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/6759).
```

  ![suspend-resume-schedule.png](/img/v1.4/vm/suspend-resume-schedule.png)

### Virtual Machine Backup/Snapshot and Harvester Upgrade

To avoid race conditions between Longhorn volume auto-reattachment logic and make the volume attaching/detaching more resilient, Longhorn introduced a [`volume attachment ticket`](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/master/enhancements/20221024-longhorn-volumeattachment.md) implementation. 

By the **volume attachment ticket** design, while a VM backup/snapshot is under processing, it can block the succeeding VM operations (for example, VM live migration). For a VM live migration from a Harvester upgrade, the on-the-fly VM backup can bring the upgrade timeout, and vice versa.

Before applying a Harvester upgrade, the user should make sure there is no VM backup/snapshot under processing and all the VM schedule is suspended, otherwise, the upgrade will be rejected by the Harvester webhook:

  ![upgrade-vmbackup.png](/img/v1.4/vm/upgrade-vmbackup.png)

  ![upgrade-svmbackup.png](/img/v1.4/vm/upgrade-svmbackup.png)

> To improve the user experience, Harvester has a future plan to [`automatically suspend/resume all schedules before/after the upgrade`](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/6759).

Reviewer: This entire section seems to be written for internal stakeholders instead of end users because its focus is implementation design.

@bk201 Which details do we want to expose to end users?

Reviewer 2: I discussed this with @WebberHuang1118  and we can mention the limitation: no backup schedule before an upgrade. There is no need to mention the internal tech details.
